Hey well done.
Getting to the end of Section 1.
I'm really excited that you are all set up and ready to go.
We'll be using Unreal engine for the first time in section 3 with Mikey.
The reason I designed the course this way to teach you C++ first.
When I first designed this back in 2015 or so but because I remember the time when I first hit Unreal
engine and it was really overwhelming both trying to learn a complex engine like Unreal and the foundations
of C++ at the same time.
So what we've done is we've simply broken it up.
We firstly teach you the very very basics of C++ so that when you hit C++ for the first time inside
Unreal engine it's not so scary.
That's the subject of Section 2 Triple X with Gavin.
Then you move on with Michael from Section 3 onwards in Bullcow game and building escape and others
to really learn how to use the engine in combination with C++ so remember to use all the resources available
to you.
We have a wonderful community forum site nearly every lecture links to a specific post on that site
for you.
Remember to use discord.
Our live chat server thousands of people online at any one time to help you out and remember to use
our Unreal course community Facebook group all those places are thriving in great places to meet other
people in the exact same shoes as yourselves.
So thank you for being our student.
Please do enjoy the journey and I will see you again soon.